el2g: add documentation for GENERIC_KEYPAIRS (#611)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/el2g.rst

 * **Subdomain** — Every EdgeLock 2GO account has a "device-link" subdomain that a device's ``nxp_iot_agent_demo`` binary connects to.
   This is the service where secure objects will be exchanged.

> Installing additional Secure Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing Additional Secure Objects
```
APA title-case

------------------------------------

> Any additional Secure Objects that are defined in EdgeLock 2GO and provisioned into the secure element when the device registers.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is a bit off to me. I think the purpose here is to say that any additional secure objects <....> can be installed, or maybe list which are the expected additional objects. I think something is missing.

Author: The _and_ should be _are_. But the sentence is still off. How about:

Additional Secure Objects can be defined in EdgeLock 2GO through the API.
These objects are provisioned into the Secure Element when the device registers.

> Any additional Secure Objects that are defined in EdgeLock 2GO and provisioned into the secure element when the device registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional Secure Objects can be defined in EdgeLock 2GO through the API.
These objects are provisioned into the Secure Element when the device registers.
```

> Additionally, keypairs and certificates are loaded into PKCS#11 so they are accessible to e.g. OpenSSL.

Reviewer 2: "additionally" to what? I would just drop the word additionally.

Author: Additionally to provisioning those secure objects in the Secure Element.

I think it makes more sense with the modification I made above. Only, that gives "Additional" and then "Additionally" which is a bit awkward. Synonym suggestion?

Reviewer 2: I don't know. "on top of"? Turn the requirements into a bulleted list?

> Additionally, keypairs and certificates are loaded into PKCS#11 so they are accessible to e.g. OpenSSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of this, keypairs and certificates are loaded into PKCS#11 so they are accessible, e.g., OpenSSL.
```

The convention is that the keypair secure object has an even-numbered OID (e.g. 0x10000010) and the corresponding certificate has an OID one higher (e.g. 0x10000011).

> To enable automatic loading of the keypair and certificate, the `GENERIC_KEYPAIRS` variable must be set in `/etc/default/lmp-el2go-auto-register`. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable automatic loading of the keypair and certificate, the ``GENERIC_KEYPAIRS`` variable must be set in ``/etc/default/lmp-el2go-auto-register`` e.g.,
```
rst uses two backticks for inline

Author: Switching between markdown and restructuredtext on a daily basis is not good for ones sanity :-)

Reviewer: > Switching between markdown and restructuredtext on a daily basis is not good for ones sanity :-)

Oh, how I know…

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

::
```
placing below example in code-block

  # recipes-support/lmp-el2go-auto-register/lmp-el2go-auto-register/default.env
  REPOID=<YOUR ID FROM fioctl factories>
  GENERIC_KEYPAIRS="0x10000010"

> `GENERIC_KEYPAIRS` defaults to 0X83000044 which is the OID used by AWS IoT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``GENERIC_KEYPAIRS`` defaults to 0X83000044 which is the OID used by AWS IoT.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
remove extra line
